Add Chainstack 3.0 changes (#460)
chainstack/docs: docs/operations/bsc/tools.md

---
meta:
  - name: description
    content: Learn how to interact with your BNB Smart Chain node, deploy smart contracts through your node, and develop dapps.
  - name: keywords
    content: bsc truffle web3 dapp geth erigon binance bnb
---

# Tools

## Interaction tools

### BNB Smart Chain client

> Interact with your BNB Smart Chain node using [BNB Smart Chain client](https://docs.binance.org/smart-chain/developer/fullnode.html).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Interact with your BNB Smart Chain node using [BNB Smart Chain client](https://docs.bnbchain.org/docs/validator/fullnode).
```
